slug explanation (#1582)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Routing/Introduction.rst

.. index:: Routing; Slug

Slug
    Unique name for a resource to use when creating URLs; for example the slug of the news detail page 
    could be `/news/detail`, and
    the slug of a news record could be `2019-software-update`.

    Within TYPO3, a slug is always a part of the URL "path" - it does not contain scheme, host, HTTP verb, etc.

>     The URL "path" consists of one or more slugs which are strung together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The URL "path" consists of one or more slugs which are concatenated into a single string.
```

    * A slug only contains characters which are allowed within URLs. Spaces, commas and other special characters are converted to a fallback character.
    * A slug is always lower-cased.
    * A slug is unicode-aware.
    * Slugs must be separated by one or more character like "/", "-", "_" and "&".

>       Normal characters should not be used as separators for better readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Regular characters like letters should not be used as separators for better readability.
```

.. note::

    Until TYPO3 v9 routing for TYPO3 was done by using extensions such as `realURL` or `coolURI`.
    In contrast to concepts within RealURL of "URL segments", a slug is a segment of a URL.

>     Slugs should be separated by slashes, but they do not have
>     to. Therefore, a slug of a record can contain slashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Slugs should be separated by slashes, but this is not a strict requirement. Therefore, a slug
    of a record may contain slashes. However, the risk of conflicts are higher when having slugs
    with slashes since unrelated page hierarchies can have the same slug.
```

    * A slug only contains characters which are allowed within URLs. Spaces, commas and other special characters are converted to a fallback character.
    * A slug is always lower-cased.
    * A slug is unicode-aware.
    * Slugs must be separated by one or more character like "/", "-", "_" and "&".
      Regular characters like letters should not be used as separators for better readability.

.. note::

    Until TYPO3 v9 routing for TYPO3 was done by using extensions such as `realURL` or `coolURI`.
    In contrast to concepts within RealURL of "URL segments", a slug is a segment of a URL.
    Slugs should be separated by slashes, but this is not a strict requirement. 
    Therefore a slug of a record may contain slashes. 
    However the risk of conflicts is higher when using slashes

> 	 within slugs. For example unrelated page hierarchies and records could have slugs forming the same URL path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	  within slugs. For example unrelated page hierarchies and records could have slugs forming the same URL path.
```
